drivers: nxp_s32_canxl: support rxfifo on new SoC version s32ze (#77222)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.0.rst

* Made these changes in other SoC series:

>   * S32Z27: Added support for new cut 2.0, the old cut (1.0, 1.1) are not fully compatibles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * NXP S32Z270: Added support for the new silicon cut version 2.0. Note that the previous versions (1.0 and 1.1) are no longer supported.
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion, I updated.
